Instructions


Title Instructions: When you enter the title screen, there will be numbers and updatable objects.
Game Instructions: When you enter the game there will be many movements and abilities to
keep track of

*Note: The logo is the white circle with 'ORBITS' in it.


TITLE


HEALTH


The green number at the very bottom represents the health of each player.

This can be adusted by the following:

Right Arrow Key: Increase health by 1
Left Arrow Key: Decrease health by 1

The health cannot go higher than 25 and lower than 1.



VOLUME - Music


The purple number at the top left corner represents the volume of the music.

This can be adusted by the following:

Up Arrow Key: Increase volume by 1
Down Arrow Key: Decrease volume by 1

The volume cannot go higher than 100 and lower than 0.



VOLUME - Game


The gray number at the top right corner represents the volume of the in-game sounds.

This can be adusted by the following:

'=' Key: Increase sound-volume by 1
'-' Key: Decrease sound-volume by 1

The volume cannot go higher than 100 and lower than 0.

*Note: As the sound-volume increases the shade of gray moves to white and as
the sound-volume decreases the shade of gray moves to black. The keys will
still work even if the sound-volume is 0 and is completely black.



PLANETS


The green number above the logo represents the number of planets in the game.

This can be adusted by the following:

'0' Key: Increase number of planets by 1
'9' Key: Decrease number of planets by 1

The number of planets cannot go higher than 10 and lower than 0.



PLAYERS


The 4 squares below the logo represent the players.

The 1st rectangle signifies player 1

The 2nd rectangle signifies player 2

The 3rd rectangle signifies player 3

The 4th rectangle signifies player 4

The state of the player depends on the color of the rectangle:

RED - Player Not Included

GREEN - Human Player Included

BLUE - Computer Player Included

This can be adjusted by the following:

How it is updated:
	RED -> GREEN -> BLUE -> RED -> GREEN -> BLUE and so forth

'1' Key: Updates the 1st rectangle

'2' Key: Updates the 2nd rectangle

'3' Key: Updates the 3rd rectangle

'4' Key: Updates the 4th rectangle

*Note: If 1 or less players exist, the game will automatically declare a victory for that player
or declare a tie respectively. It is ok to have computer players only in the game.



ABILITIES


The 6 green letters above the planet number represent the abilities

*Note: The applications of the abilities will be explained in the Game Instructions section

'B' represents the slow projectile

'C' represents the escape projectile

'D' represents the black hole

'E' represents the white hole

'F' represents the heavy projectile

'G' represents the void

The state of the ability depends on the color of the letter

RED - Ability Not Included

GREEN - Ability Included and Ability sound on

BLUE - Ability Included and Ability sound off

This can be adjusted by the following:

How it is updated:
	RED -> GREEN -> BLUE -> RED -> GREEN -> BLUE and so forth

'b' Key: Updates the 'B'

'c' Key: Updates the 'C'

'd' Key: Updates the 'D'

'e' Key: Updates the 'E'

'f' Key: Updates the 'F'

'g' Key: Updates the 'G'

*Note: Any combination of these updates will work



PLAYLIST


There is a playlist of songs that are played during the game. It only resets
when the Title Screen is opened.

*Note: Go to the 'Playlist' folder and open the file 'ReadMe.txt' for a better
idea on who made these songs

The playlist will play its songs in a shuffled order that is reset whenever the
playlist is reset.

This can be controlled by the following:

'p' Key: Starts the playlist early in the title menu

*Note: This will automatically be done when you start the game if it has not
already been done

'SPACE' Key: Skips to the next song

'r' Key: Rewings the current song to its start



START


To start the game, you need to press the 'ENTER' Key

The current song playing, with the exception of the title song, will continue after you
start the game

*Note: If the game is started when the title song is playing, a random song from the
playlist will play



EXIT


To exit the game, press the 'q' Key

*Note: This only works when on the title page




GAME



GRAVITY

In the game, every object has gravity.